[1.16] Workflow: Update building block documentation (#4825)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-features-concepts.md

description: "Learn more about the Dapr Workflow features and concepts"
---

Now that you've learned about the [workflow building block]({{% ref workflow-overview.md %}}) at a high level, let's deep dive into the features and concepts included with the Dapr Workflow engine and SDKs. Dapr Workflow exposes several core features and concepts which are common across all supported languages.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
For more information on how workflow state is managed, see the [workflow architecture guide]({{% ref workflow-architecture.md %}}).
{{% /alert %}}

## Workflows

Dapr Workflows are functions you write that define a series of tasks to be executed in a particular order.
The Dapr Workflow engine takes care of scheduling and execution of the tasks, including managing failures and retries.

> If the app hosting your workflows is scaled out across multiple machines, the workflow engine will load balance the execution of workflows and their tasks across multiple machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the app hosting your workflows is scaled out across multiple machines, the workflow engine load balances the execution of workflows and their tasks across multiple machines.
```
